Hello in the parish show how they are the 30 days of sparing Windows Vista
and Windows 7 on 7 can not be that you on the basis of Windows 7 the
Worth the evaluation phase
The clock entering a correct key is only 30 days workable
It is the same with Windows Vista, and so it probably will be
with the finished version of Windows Vista 7 so this is mine
Windows 7 and which subject very briefly in the control panel
Bernhard who and fence Tan voters next
System and
security
Sacramento here normal system
Konami rounds out the information Windows activation Mira currently remain 30
Days for activation
now it is relatively logical that any Sabers and citizens and which
files
waking up over this period of time so far they just want to locate that
We have to switch off the service and rename or delete the files
Let's take a look at the SpVgg first, then worry about it
the consequences
Finally, that their reputation replace
through the Control Panel the Serviced it is out of that
system and safety
administration
services
Here we are still looking for a service called
it is
PP
notification service
Dittmann Prof SPP notification service in the
Description stands
Zoff provides license activation and notification
the state should practice putting us in the activated
and then we end the service here too
by the click
wait on the walls after this is done the service ever
disabled
Now we just have to take care of the appropriate files
Of course you can not support this with Windows 7
or Windows Vista do we need a boot cd I'm taking here now
simply an oboe concert epd which is in the drive in and in the bodhran full
is that set?
So for the boys, I will restart Windows 7
so now the destination around drive can choose
TISPOL percent
Live version of Ubuntu
under Ubuntu who succeeded directly on and percent
then here we have our medion that is my hard drive is of course one
small hard drive is here but only a virtual machine
if it is on it will not be integrated here I have now
Structure of windows users can be sure this time in the windows folder
Practitioner one we also need new system 32
the animal
and from this directory we are now looking for three very specific files
out and that is the first file
July point AXA for lead to accomplish accomplish
User interface, then
SN
SL Uli point AXA
Zurich Mischa we are here now
Of course you can only rename them
next we need the file SPP same
SPP
SPP SV c-point witch
we push
and will come next
SPP User Interface notified points increased
this is the third and last party
People
can shoot here in the timeline
unmount the volume
restart the computer
lure you so fast
why and turn off the power
mystery
system
and here and there Mesa Windows activation status is not available
Windows 7 can not detect whether it has already been registered or not